COMPUTER:
The time is 0500.
Mmm... yeah, all right...
Julian?
Yes.
We have to get up.
Yeah, sure.
It's a big day.
( satisfied sigh )
It was a big night.
( laughs softly )
Cleared up a lot of
unanswered questions.
Such as?
Such as just how far
these spots
really go down.
I suppose you'll
want to tell Miles.
Now why would
I want to do that?
Because you tell him
everything.
True.
But you know what?
In this case...
I'm going to make
an exception.
Good.
( sighs )
Mmm... we really
should get up.
We don't want the Defiant
leaving without us.
You know, I've never
been into battle
with someone
I've slept with before.
Well, there's a first time
for everything.
Now that we're finally together
it'd be such a shame if
something happened to one of us.
Let's make a pact.
We both come home alive.
You got yourself a deal.
I'm holding you to that.
Oh, and don't forget,
Kirayoshi has his checkup
at 0900 tomorrow.
I've already confirmed
the appointment
with Nurse Bandee.
Come on, sweetie,
one more bite.
And don't stay up all night
writing that paper on...
W-what are those trees called?
Arfillian Ficus.
And they're not trees,
they're shrubs.
Yeah, well...
try to get some sleep.
Oh, and...
Honey...
we'll be fine.
Stop worrying.
Right.
Molly...
please don't touch that.
I let you play
with my toys.
Yeah, but, see,
this isn't a toy.
This is a... model.
Maybe it belongs
in a museum then.
I suppose I could
give it to Julian.
Sounds good to me.
Speaking of Julian
have you told him about
Starfleet's offer yet?
Uh... no, not yet.
I knew it.
What's that
supposed to mean?
We're not going
back to Earth.
Of course we are.
Daddy's going to teach
at the Academy...
when the war's over.
Then why haven't
you told Julian?
"Out of the mouth of babes."
( uncomfortable chuckle)
I'll tell him,
you know... when...
I think he's ready
to hear it.
How's that?
Oh, it's doing
wonders for my head
but it's my stomach
that's bothering me.
If it will help,
morning sickness ends
after the first trimester.
Oh, that's two more months.
I don't think I'm
going to make it.
You're going to make it.
Ben?
Hmm?
Promise me something.
Promise that you'll
come home to us.
I promise.
I don't believe it.
I said I promise.
No, it's not...
( groaning )
( door chimes )
Come in.
Hey... I thought I'd walk you
to the Defiant.
I'd like that.
Ah.
How's Kas?
( coughing and retching )
Reports of my death
have been exaggerated...
but not by much.
( groaning )
Isn't there something
she can take
to make her feel better?
She doesn't like
taking medication
unless it's
absolutely necessary.
( groaning )
Sounds necessary to me.
Waiting for you to leave
only makes me feel worse.
If you're going to go, just go.
( sighs )
Are you sure I can't
get you anything?
Just hurry up
and come back home.
( groaning )
Mind if I walk
with you, Commander?
Not at all.
Captain Sisko
informed me
that you would be joining
us on the mission.
I hope that when
we reach Cardassia
we find Colonel Kira
alive and well.
So do I,
Commander.
So do I.
NOG:
Captain on
the Bridge.
All right, people.
What do you say we end this war?
Sounds good to me.
Ensign, I believe you know
the way to Cardassia.
If I get lost, I'll just
follow the ship in front of us.
WEYOUN:
The Federation invasion fleet
has left Deep Space 9.
They'll reach the Cardassian
border by tomorrow night.
( electronically
distorted voice )
Our brave Jem'Hadar soldiers
have a motto:
"Victory is life."
( distorted voice )
I'm glad you're familiar with it
because today those words
have meaning for us all.
The outcome of this
battle will determine
the outcome of the war.
Either we destroy
their invasion forces
or they destroy us.
There is no
other option.
( distorted voice )
Fight well today...
and Romulus will be yours
to do with as you wish.
( distorted voice )
Yes, yes.
And Earth, too.
( distorted voice )
I assure you...
the pleasure is all mine.
( distorted voice )
Is something bothering you?
Apparently, uh...
I was under
the mistaken impression
that all Federation territories
would fall
under my jurisdiction...
including Earth.
And so they shall.
But...
you promised the Breen.
I would promise the Breen
the entire Alpha Quadrant
if I thought it would help
win this war.
The Founder is wise
in all things.
( door opening )
Founder...
I've heard
a disturbing rumor
about the traitor Damar.
What about him?
He may be alive.
Is this possible?
I don't see how.
We destroyed his ship,
his rebel bases...
But his body was never found.
They say he's here...
on Cardassia Prime.
In the capital,
no less.
Look into this matter.
WEYOUN:
If Damar is alive...
He won't be for long.
Halt!
Step forward...
slowly.
I'm sorry, have we done
something wrong?
We're new to the city
and I'm afraid we're lost.
Quiet!
You are Legate Damar.
I told you-- you
look just like him.
I can't tell you
how many times
my cousin has been
mistaken for that traitor.
He will be taken
to Dominion
headquarters.
You will die here.
( distorted voice )
I do not
understand you.
( groaning )
I don't mean to sound
ungrateful, but...
what are you doing here?
Watching your backs.
I thought we decided
it would be safer
if you stayed out of sight.
Well, that's what
the helmet's for.
You should be wearing one, too.
Every Jem'Hadar
and Breen soldier
on Cardassia's
looking for you.
If I'm to lead
this revolt
I can't do it
hiding in a cellar.
It was necessary for
me to attend that
gathering tonight.
Well, fill me in later.
If anyone stops us,
you're my prisoners.
But the vote was unanimous.
The work disruptions
begin tomorrow.
Power, communication and
transportation facilities
throughout Cardassia
will be sabotaged.
The Dominion fleet will be
cut off from all ground support.
That way, they'll have
to face the invasion
force on their own.
And once the Dominion
is crushed...
MILA:
All Cardassia will
be free again.
Oh, when you were
a small boy
I was worried
about you.
Always getting
into trouble.
So secretive
so full of deceit.
Who would've thought those
disgraceful characteristics
would be turned
to virtues.
More tea?
You're too kind.
Do you hear that, Chief?
Sounds like the Doppler
compensators are out of phase.
Ensign, how's she handling?
She's not quite as smooth
as the old Defiant, sir.
Feels a bit sluggish.
Chief?
I'm on it.
O'Brien to Engineering.
CREWMAN ( on com ):
Engineering.
Recalibrate
the inertial dampers
and check the plasma
flow regulators
while you're at it.
CREWMAN:
Right away, Chief.
You think
someone would've come up
with a better
inertial control system.
What's that, Miles?
I said I wish you'd wipe
that grin off your face.
You're not the first person
to fall in love, you know.
I thought you'd
be happy for me.
I am happy for you.
O'Brien to Engineering.
Engineering.
Now try realigning
the induction coils.
Will do.
You're sure
you're not angry.
Why should I be angry?
I have been asking you
to tell the doctor
how you feel about him
for the past month.
Well... now that
he knows how I feel...
I am happy for you.
That's a relief.
But... I am going
to kill him.
You're kidding, right?
And Jadzia said I did not
have a sense of humor.
Julian, there's something
I need to talk to you about.
You're getting pressure
from Keiko, aren't you?
How did you know?
It's a big decision.
I'm surprised
it didn't come up sooner.
Actually
we've been talking about it
for quite a while.
Well, you can stop
talking about it.
We'll move the Alamo
into my quarters.
NOG:
I could still use
a little more equalization
on the torque buffers.
Uh, right.
I'll try to compensate with
the impulse response filters.
That way, your quarters
won't be so cluttered
and, uh, you can still
use it whenever you want.
I wasn't talking
about the Alamo model.
Besides, it's too big
for your quarters.
You let me worry
about that.
So... what were
you talking about?
Oh, it's nothing
that can't wait.
Is that any better, Nog?
Torque buffers are stable.
I wish she were here, too,
Constable.
( sighs )
If we only knew
where Kira was.
If we could only be sure
that she was all right.
The Colonel's a survivor.
This war, Captain...
it has to end.
And it will... soon.
One way or the other.
Mother?
The Emissary's task
is nearing completion.
Are you talking about the war?
You have walked the path
the Prophets laid out
for you, Benjamin.
Do not falter now.
I don't intend to.
Know this... my son.
Your journey's end
lies not before you...
but behind you.
ODO:
Captain?
Captain...
The Prophets...
came to me in a vision.
I take it they weren't
bringing good news.
I'm not sure.
Only time will tell.
( door opening )
Hello, Adami.
You're back.
( sighs )
Is that all
you have to say to me?
I see the Pah-wraiths
have restored your sight.
Yes, they've
forgiven me.
I was hoping you could find it
in your heart to do the same.
I don't forgive war criminals.
To think I took Gul Dukat
to my bed--
one of the most hated men
in Bajoran history.
I've already told you
how much I regret my actions
during the occupation.
Of course you do.
Have you learned how to release
the Pah-wraiths?
The secrets of the Kosst Amojan
have been revealed to me, yes.
Then why haven't you gone to
the Fire Caves and freed them?
I was waiting for you.
Then you do forgive me.
I need your help, Dukat.
It's as simple as that.
All you have to do is ask.
Together, we will release
the Pah-wraiths
so they can lay claim
to the Celestial Temple
and destroy the Prophets.
And their Emissary.
No, no, no.
Benjamin Sisko will be
dealt with by me...
and me alone.
Assuming he survives
the invasion of Cardassia.
Oh, he'll survive...
but I promise you...
he'll wish he hadn't.
You going to sit
there all night, Quark?
Got any...
threes?
Go fish.
Don't tell me
you're quitting?
It's just not my game.
Well, you want to
try pinochle again?
How about rummy?
Or gin rummy?
Five card stud?
Uh, canasta?
How about some tongo?
Did they play tongo
in Las Vegas in 1962?
How could they?
It's a Ferengi game.
Which is why my
holographic program
can't create it.
I know, I know.
This place
is period specific.
For a hologram, you're
not very accommodating.
Oh, is that why you
dropped by-- to insult me?
I dropped by because
I had nothing else to do.
My bar hasn't had
half a dozen customers all day.
Everyone's off fighting
this stupid war.
It's not easy
staying behind, is it--
knowing your friends
are out there
risking their lives?
They think they
have it rough?
They should try leading
my life for a day.
The hospitality industry
isn't for the fainthearted.
A bartender's life
is a lonely one.
That's true, but few
people understand it.
They think it's
one big happy party.
They forget that the person
giving the party
never has any fun.
He's too busy making sure
everyone else is having fun.
All I do, all day long,
is give, give, give.
Bartending is a very
noble profession
and you do it well--
under some very
difficult circumstances
I might add.
You should be proud.
Think so?
I know so, pally.
I just hope Nog...
and the rest
of those heroic idiots
come back in one piece.
There you are.
Vic, sweetie,
are you ready?
Jimmy and Peter
are about to go on.
Sorry, pally,
got to run.
Durante and Lawford
are at the Sands.
Can't miss that.
I thought you said a bartender's
life was a lonely one.
It is
but I'm not a bartender.
Huh.
Go fish.
( groaning )
Is it really necessary
to rest so often?
You don't need
to wait for me.
Go on ahead.
Wander aimlessly
through these caves
for the rest
of your miserable life.
I'm in no hurry.
( sighs )
During the occupation
my people found the Bajorans'
fear of these caves amusing...
and yet, we never took
the time to visit them...
and now here I am.
It's ironic, isn't it?
I don't care.
Excuse me, I just meant...
I'm sure you have
many interesting anecdotes
about the occupation
but I don't have any desire
to hear them.
I meant no disrespect, Adami.
And stop calling me "Adami."
That privilege
is no longer yours.
How should I address you, then?
From now on, you will address me
as "Eminence."
Is that clear?
Perfectly...
Eminence.
I see your point
but for two millennia,
the Jem'Hadar have been
the Dominion's
first line of defense.
It would damage their morale
to have to take a backseat
to the Breen.
( distorted voice )
Very well.
In the spirit
of our new alliance
I will inform the Jem'Hadar
that the Breen forces will stand
alongside them.
( distorted voice )
I'm glad that pleases you.
I think we have a problem.
( distorted voice )
Our lines are spread too thin,
especially here, at the center.
We need to dispatch
reinforcements
immediately.
Do you agree?
( distorted voice )
Notify the Jem'Hadar.
Order them to reinforce
the center
of their lines.
Now what?
( distorted voice )
COMPUTER:
Emergency power engaged.
Founder...
I'm relieved to see
that you're all right.
WEYOUN:
Long-range
communications
are down.
I can't contact
the Jem'Hadar.
( distorted voice )
Of course I'll
keep trying.
What caused the
power failure?
I'm afraid
it was sabotage.
Almost every
Dominion installation
on Cardassian Prime
has suffered damage.
Damar.
We captured some
of the terrorists
but they're not soldiers--
they're ordinary citizens.
Are you telling me
that the Cardassian people
are rising up against us?
I'm sure it's only a small
number of malcontents.
But we have no way of
knowing that, do we?
Founder,
may I make a suggestion?
Yes, I am sure that
Broca will be very happy
to hear what
you have to say.
If the Cardassian
people
are responsible
for these acts of terrorism...
if Damar and his fanatics
have turned them against us
then it's the people
who should be punished.
Now, what do you
say to that?
( choking ):
Severely punished.
Well, I'm glad
we all agree.
See to it.
It's been 24 minutes.
Not bad.
If the Dominion
hasn't been able
to restore power
to the capital
then the entire planet
must be in chaos.
I hope so.
I'm afraid I was only able
to find two more lightsticks.
There's more about the house
somewhere, but I...
Would you stop dawdling
and give them to me?
Oh, well, I remember
that tone of voice.
It reminds me
of the demanding
and inconsiderate boy
you used to be.
I haven't changed
much, have I?
DAMAR:
This will send a clear message
to the Dominion--
the Cardassian people will fight
to regain their freedom.
I hope they realize
their fight is just beginning.
We're going to have
to hit the enemy again
and harder this time.
Well, that won't be easy.
They will have tightened
their security.
Well, that doesn't matter.
We can't lose our momentum.
The Commander is right.
We cannot rest until
Cardassia is free.
And when it is, we'll
have you to thank for it.
Without you,
this rebellion
would have died
in its infancy.
Ironic, isn't it--
the savior
of Cardassia
a former Bajoran
terrorist?
Well, don't canonize me
just yet.
It's been 26 and a half minutes.
Let's see what the Dominion
has to say for itself.
WEYOUN:
Citizens of Cardassia
this latest wave of vandalism
directed against
your Dominion allies must stop.
I wouldn't count on it.
We know that these
disgraceful acts of sabotage
were carried out
by a mere handful of extremists
but these radicals
must come to realize
that their disobedience
will not be tolerated.
That you, the Cardassian people,
will suffer the consequences
of their cowardly actions.
Which is why I must inform you,
a few moments ago
Dominion troops
reduced Lakarian City to ashes.
There were no survivors.
Two million men, women
and children
gone in a matter of moments.
For each act of sabotage
committed against the Dominion
another Cardassian city
will be destroyed.
I implore you
not to let that happen.
Let us return to the spirit
of friendship and cooperation
between our peoples
so that together, we can destroy
our common enemies--
the Federation, the Klingons,
the Romulans
and all the others
that stand against us.
Thank you.
DAMAR:
I should
have killed
that Vorta jackal
when I had the chance.
You want another one?
We'll attack
Dominion Headquarters.
Chop off a snake's head
and the body will die.
KIRA:
Exactly.
Damar, for the
past two years
you've practically lived
in that building.
If you're asking me
if I know a way in
the answer is no--
not without a valid
security protocol.
All right,
we'll use force.
We're going to need
some kind of explosives.
I'll get right on it.
What you're proposing
is suicide.
If you have nothing positive
to say, Mila...
All right, I'll
prepare some food.
Nobody should die
on an empty stomach.
Sir, Chancellor Martok
would like to speak to you
and Admiral Ross.
Put them through.
MARTOK:
Gentlemen...
a magnificent victory
lies before us.
I trust those are
prophetic words, Chancellor.
They are... and
I've not forgotten
the promise I made
to both of you.
That the three of us
would share
a bottle of bloodwine
on Cardassia Prime.
"A bottle"?
( chuckles )
I brought
a barrel of 2309.
There is no
finer vintage.
Then I'll meet you both
on Cardassia.
We'll see who
gets there first.
The Chancellor makes
victory sound easy.
He knows it won't be.
Sisko to all hands.
Prepare to engage the enemy.
I'll say one thing
for the Breen--
they know how
to pilot their ships.
So do you, Ensign.
Stay with him.
I'm trying,
but he's slippery.
Mr. Worf?
Unable to lock target.
We have two Jem'Hadar ships
closing aft of us,
bearing 136 mark 4.
Evasive action, pattern delta.
Hang on.
Well done, Ensign.
But I lost the Breen ship
we were after.
I wouldn't worry about it.
There are plenty more
to choose from.
You've hardly
touched your meal.
No wonder you're
not looking well.
I'm not looking well
because I live in a cellar.
Well, so does
Legate Damar.
And what about him?
Well, he's finished
everything on his plate
which explains
why he is such a fine,
handsome figure of a man.
Oh, I'm afraid
I don't follow you.
I do.
Mila, I believe you're
falling in love.
Oh, I'm old enough
to be his mother.
Ah-ah.
Nonsense.
Politicians.
( door chimes )
Now, who could that be?
Uh... I'll go see.
Uh, may I help you?
( whispering ):
What's taking her so long?
I don't know.
( door opening )
( loud thud )
Mila!
KIRA:
Garak!
Garak, get out of there!
( grunting )
( coughing )
( grunting in pain )
( grunts )
I can't look away for a second.
Just fix the shoulder.
Careful!
Sit still or you'll end up
with one arm shorter
than the other.
You'd do anything
to beat me at darts.
I haven't lost
a game to you in months.
I'm going to miss
our games, Julian.
What are you talking about?
You're going to be fine.
I'm leaving DS9, Julian.
I'm moving back to Earth.
Why?
I've been
offered
a position
at the Starfleet Academy...
Professor of Engineering.
When?
When the war's over.
Oh... I see.
Somebody has to teach
you officers
the difference
between a warp matrix
flux capacitor
and a self-sealing
stem bolt.
Of course, of course.
EZRI:
Captain, Admiral
Ross for you.
On screen.
ROSS:
The Romulan flagship's
been destroyed.
Their entire line is collapsing.
We'll try to help.
With what?
Ben, we're losing
too many ships.
We've got to find a way to turn
the Dominion's left flank.
It's too well protected
but their lines are spread
pretty thin in the middle.
You help the Romulans.
Martok and I
will hit the center.
On my way.
Dax, have attack wings
64 and 65 follow us.
Aye, sir.
What's taking so long?
Our engineers
have assured me
that our long-range
communications
will be restored
momentarily.
But you have been
saying that for hours
and meantime, there's no way
of contacting our ships
no way of knowing how
the battle is progressing.
BROCA:
Founder
our troops have captured
the traitor Damar.
FOUNDER:
Finally...
some good news.
And there's more.
Colonel Kira
and Garak have been
apprehended with him.
Even better.
Shall I have them
brought here?
What for?
Have them executed...
immediately.
With pleasure.
Understood.
It will be done at once.
On your feet.
Why?
We prefer our prisoners to be
standing when they die.
Does anyone have
any last words?
You may kill us,
but Cardassia will never...
JEM'HADAR:
Enough.
Final words are not permitted.
How disappointing.
Ready weapons.
On my mark.
That's for Lakarian City.
Legate Damar,
I pledge my life
to free Cardassia
from the Dominion.
With men like
you on our side...
how can we fail?
( yells )
Jem'Hadar ship
off the port bow.
Shields are down
to 60 percent.
BASHIR:
Miles, this is no good.
I'm going to have
to get you to Sick Bay.
I'm kind of busy right now.
That's an order.
Look, Julian!
You heard him, Chief.
Yes, sir.
Another Jem'Hadar to port.
( console beeping )
Transferring auxiliary power
to the port shields.
Dax, we need some support
from our attack fighters.
Aye, sir.
Breen ship off
the starboard aft.
EZRI:
Sir, most of our fighters
are either destroyed
or under attack themselves.
Ensign, get us out of here.
I'm trying, sir.
Sir...
the Cardassians...
they're attacking
the other Dominion ships.
They've switched sides.
Yes!
The timing couldn't be better.
Come about and head
for the center of their lines.
This is our chance
to punch through.
NOG:
Aye, sir.
Founder, our long-range
communications
are back on line.
It's about time.
I don't believe it.
What now?
The Cardassian fleet
has turned against us.
( distorted voice )
Have our forces pull back
and regroup
at Cardassia Prime.
But we'll be
totally surrounded.
There will be
no more running.
( distorted voice )
We should've rid ourselves
of the Cardassians
at the first sign
of rebellion.
If I could talk to the rebels--
get them to change their minds.
Perhaps you could reawaken
their patriotic spirit.
Exactly.
On the other hand,
they're just as likely
to convince you
to betray us.
Me?
Betray you?
Never!
That's right.
We are not going to give you
that opportunity.
Wait! You're making
a terrible mistake.
I don't think so.
But I've done everything
you've asked.
I tell you, I'm loyal!
I believe in the Dominion!
No! Wait! No!
I won't miss him.
I want the Cardassians
exterminated.
Which ones?
All of them--
the entire population.
That will take
some time.
Then I suggest
that you begin at once.
Captain, the Dominion forces
are retreating
towards Cardassia Prime.
Sir? Admiral Ross
and Chancellor Martok
would like to talk to you.
On screen.
I never thought I'd say this
but thank God
for the Cardassians.
As I predicted,
the day is ours.
Not yet, it isn't.
Ben, we've driven the Dominion
back into Cardassia Prime.
We can keep them bottled up
there indefinitely.
What if they use this time
to rebuild their fleet?
He's right.
The Dominion has
displayed an ability
to build ships at
an impressive rate.
We should continue
the attack.
At what cost?
We've already lost
a third of our fleet.
Then we must see to it
that those soldiers
did not die in vain.
Admiral, with the Cardassians
joining us
we have an opportunity
to put an end to this war
once and for all.
All right, gentlemen.
We press on.
My friends, songs will
be sung about this day.
All right, people...
you heard the orders.
Let's finish what we started.
DUKAT:
Let me guess...
we're here.
We've reached the
end of one journey
and stand ready
to begin another.
What's the
matter, Dukat?
You look
disappointed.
Well, this may sound naive,
but I was expecting to see fire.
They are called
the fire caves.
And with good reason.
Lano ka'la bo'shar
lanu no'vala
pahrom carana mokado ba'jah.
Ko'se nusso
ma'kora kajani...
lano ka'la Kosst Amojan.
( fires roaring )
Is that better?
According to this map,
it's a long way
from the cargo door
to the briefing room.
Well, that could be
a problem
if we get trapped
in the corridor.
( explosion )
What the hell?
It's the Jem'Hadar.
They're leveling the city,
building by building.
All right, we
have to go now.
Once we get inside the complex
we stop at nothing
until we capture the changeling.
Let it be done!
We're with you!
For Cardassia!
ALL:
Garak.
All during the years
of my exile
I imagined what it would
be like to come home.
I even thought of living
in this house again
with Mila...
but now she's dead
and this house
is about to be reduced
to a pile of rubble.
My Cardassia is gone.
Then fight for
a new Cardassia.
( explosion )
I have an even better
reason, Commander.
Revenge.
That works, too.
( both laughing )
Oh!
I rid myself of the Prophets
and shed a lifetime
of hypocrisy.
I've never seen you
look so radiant.
I feel like
a young woman
waiting for my lover
to sweep me away.
Do you give yourself willingly
to the Pah-wraiths?
With all my heart.
Then call to them.
Bring me the book.
Meek rak dorrah Pah-wran.
Yelim cha ono
Kosst Amojan...
shay ta-hel ter-rah
no'vala de-ram...
Sisko to Bashir.
Report.
Three dead, eight wounded--
four of them critically.
Doctor, I need every able-bodied
crewman at their post.
I won't keep anybody here
a second longer
than I have to, sir.
Put him over here, will you?
She did pretty well
for a first date
don't you think,
Captain?
I'd say she did
fine, Ensign.
Mr. Worf.
Sir, phaser banks
are fully charged
but we are down to
45 quantum torpedoes.
That'll have to do.
How are you holding
up, old man?
All things considered
I think I'd rather
be on Risa.
Well...
that makes two of us.
Have you seen these
reports, Captain?
The Dominion has
begun destroying
Cardassian cities.
Millions of people
are dying.
NOG:
Captain, we're approaching
the Dominion defense perimeter.
Well...
let's see what they
have waiting for us.
On screen.
Now we know.
( distant explosions )
We have a problem.
Just one?
I'm afraid it's a
rather large problem.
The cargo door is
made of neutronium.
Then the explosives
we brought
aren't even going
to make a dent.
You see the problem.
What do we do?
I don't know
but I'm through hiding
in basements.
( laughing )
I fail to see what
is so funny, Garak.
( laughing ):
Well, isn't it obvious?
Here we are, ready
to storm the castle
willing to
sacrifice our lives
in the noble effort
to slay the Dominion
beast in its lair...
( Kira and Garak laughing )
we can't even get
inside the gates.
( Kira and Garak laughing )
Maybe... maybe we could
go up to the door, and...
and ask the Jem'Hadar
to let us in?
Why don't we
just have them
send the shape-shifter
out to us?
( all laughing )
( catching breath )
As I said...
we have a problem.
But I've come to depend on
having you here at my side.
( distorted voice )
Your advice to the Dominion
has proven invaluable.
( distorted voice )
Very well.
If you feel the situation
on the front lines
demands your presence
I will not stand
in your way.
Knowing that you'll be leading
our troops into battle
is very reassuring.
( distorted voice )
I still can't
help but wonder.
Wonder what?
What's under
that helmet.
A braver man than you are.
Though I do find
the shrillness
of his voice
very... tiresome.
( gasping )
Founder,
what's wrong?
I'm dying.
That's what's wrong.
Perhaps you should
rest for a while--
revert to your
natural state.
I haven't been able
to change form
in weeks.
( chuckling )
It's ironic, isn't it?
That I should die as a solid.
You're not
going to die.
You're a God.
My loyal Weyoun...
the only solid
I have ever trusted.
I live
only to serve you.
And you have served me well.
I don't mind dying.
It's knowing that my entire race
is dying of the same illness
and there is nothing
I can do about it.
I would give my life
to save yours.
If only it were that simple.
What if I give
myself up--
pretend to be
your prisoner?
They'd kill you on sight.
And us along with you.
( door opening )
The cargo door...
MALE:
You're making
a terrible mistake!
I'm not a traitor!
Please, just let me
speak to the Founder!
No! Wait!
No!
( painful groaning )
For Cardassia!
ALL:
( groans )
( groaning )
Fall back!
Keep...
He's dead.
Remember his orders.
We stop for nothing.
For Cardassia!
ALL:
Cardassia!
We have a security breach.
The guards will
deal with it.
Is there a problem?
The guards...
there's only a handful
left in the building.
I sent the rest to help
eradicate the Cardassians.
( phasers firing )
You two, get out there
and see that no one
gets through that door.
You stay here
in case they fail.
We'll launch
a three-pronged attack.
The Romulans
and our new
Cardassian allies
will engage
the Jem'Hadar forces.
The Klingons will
target the Breen
and the Federation
will take on
the orbital
weapon platforms.
Any questions?
When do we go?
As soon as everyone's
in position.
It will be a
glorious battle.
But a costly one.
Estimates project
our casualties
to be as high
as 40 percent.
There's no telling how
much higher they'll go
once we send in
our ground forces.
The Dominion is beaten
and they know it
but they're going
to make us pay
for every kilometer
of the planet.
Yes, they will.
Let's get on with it.
Godspeed, everyone.
Qapla'.
( phasers firing )
Founder,
perhaps we should consider
finding a safer location.
And just where
would that be?
( yelling )
( gasping )
Well...
Colonel Kira...
what a pleasant surprise.
The pleasure's all mine.
The Federation fleet
has surrounded the planet.
I want you
to contact
the Jem'Hadar
and the Breen
and you order their ships
to stand down.
And order the
troops on Cardassia
to do the same.
I will do no such thing.
Tell me, where is
my old friend Damar?
Damar is dead.
What a pity.
He died trying
to free Cardassia.
What's left of it.
I wish you hadn't done that.
That was Weyoun's last clone.
I was hoping
you'd say that.
This war's over.
You lost.
Have I?
I think you'll find
that neither the Jem'Hadar
or the Breen will agree
with that assessment.
They will fight to the last man.
And what will that accomplish?
Isn't it obvious?
You may win this war, Commander
but I promise you,
when it is over
you will have lost
so many ships, so many lives
that your victory will taste
as bitter as defeat.
We're glad to find you
in one piece, Commander.
Very glad.
SISKO:
What's your status?
Only three of us
made it to the briefing room.
What about Damar?
He's dead.
Is your position secure?
I don't think
the Jem'Hadar will attack.
They won't risk
endangering the Founder
and she's in pretty bad shape.
She just sits at her desk
deteriorating.
If she dies before ordering
the Jem'Hadar to surrender...
Then they will fight
to the last man.
Captain
I should beam down there.
The Founder will speak to me.
I can reason with her.
You haven't had much success
with her in the past.
It's worth a try.
Think of the lives
it could save.
Very well.
Commander
tell the Founder that Odo
is going to pay her a visit.
Tarna pur-ono
ull-kess Pah-wran.
Lano ka'la
bo'shar lanu.
After you.
I'm honored.
Now you.
( sharp groan )
( groaning )
Why?!
The Pah-wraiths
demand a sacrifice--
someone worthy of them.
Who better than you?
( yells )
I offer you this life
as nourishment
to feed your hunger
to fuel the fires
that will set you free.
Kosst Amojan,
I am yours, now and forever!
( whir of active transport )
Nerys...
It's been a while.
Yes.
Watch yourself.
I don't trust her.
But you trust me?
Of course.
That's all I need to know.
Constable.
Garak.
You're looking well, Odo.
Thank you for seeing me.
It's always good
to see you...
but I have no intention
of surrendering my forces.
It would be a sign of
weakness on my part--
an invitation
to the solids
to cross into
the Gamma Quadrant
and destroy
the Great Link.
Believe me,
I'm well aware
that the Federation
has its flaws
but a desire for conquest
isn't one of them.
And what of the Klingons
and the Romulans?
Can you make that claim
for them, too?
The Klingon and
Romulan Empires
are in no shape to wage
war against anyone.
Besides, the Federation
wouldn't allow it.
The Dominion has spent
the last two years
trying to destroy
the Federation
and now you're asking me
to put our fate in their hands?
Yes.
I can't do that, Odo.
I don't have your faith
in the solids.
But perhaps I can
change your mind.
Link with me.
Odo, what are
you doing?
I'm afraid I can't link
with you, Odo.
My disease prevents me
from changing form.
If we link,
I believe I can cure you.
That's a very bad idea,
Constable.
I agree.
Nerys, I know what I'm doing.
Please, take my hand.
And if you cure me...
what will you ask in return?
All I ask is that
you link with me.
I'm warning you, Odo.
Nerys...
Garak...
put down
your weapon.
I don't think so.
I said
put it down.
Move aside, Odo.
That won't be necessary...
will it?
If you will stand aside
I'll order the Jem'Hadar
to cease fire.
I suggest we secure her
in a containment field.
ODO:
Don't worry, Garak.
She won't try to escape.
She's agreed to stand trial
and accept responsibility
for what she's done.
I would've thought
she'd insist
on going back to
the Gamma Quadrant
to cure her people.
There's no need for that.
I'm going in her place.
For how long?
Nerys...
it's time I rejoined
the Great Link.
This is a moment worth savoring.
To victory...
hard fought
and well earned.
What's wrong?
Suddenly, I'm not thirsty.
Neither am I.
Before you waste too many tears
remember...
these are Cardassians
lying dead at your feet.
Bajorans would call this...
poetic justice.
That doesn't mean I have to
drink a toast over their bodies.
( bloodwine splattering )
Humans--
( speaking Klingon )
800 million dead.
And casualty reports
still coming in.
Well, aren't you going
to congratulate me, Doctor?
My exile is now
officially over.
I've returned home...
or rather, to what's left of it.
Listen, I-I know
that this must seem...
You know, some may say
that we've gotten
just what we deserved.
After all, we're not
entirely innocent, are we?
And I'm not just speaking
of the Bajoran occupation.
No, our whole history is
one of arrogant aggression.
We've collaborated
with the Dominion
betrayed
the entire Alpha Quadrant.
Oh, no, no,
there's no doubt about it.
We're guilty as charged.
You and I both know
that the Cardassians
are a strong people.
They'll survive.
Cardassia will survive.
Oh, please, Doctor.
Spare me your insufferable
Federation optimism.
Of course,
it'll survive...
but not
as the Cardassia I knew.
We had a rich
and ancient culture.
Our literature, music,
art was second to none.
And now...
so much of it is...
lost.
So many of our best people...
our most gifted minds...
I'm sorry,
Garak.
I didn't mean...
Oh, it's... it's quite
all right, Doctor.
You've been such
a good friend.
I'm going to miss
our lunches together.
I'm sure we'll see
each other again.
I'd like to think so.
But one can never say.
We live in uncertain times.
The war between
the Dominion
and the Federation Alliance
is now over.
400 years ago,
a victorious general
spoke the following words
at the end
of another costly war:
"Today the guns are silent.
"A great tragedy has ended.
"We have known
the bitterness of defeat
"and the exultation of triumph
"and from both we have learned
there can be no going back.
"We must move forward
to preserve in peace
what we've won in war."
It's up to you now, Odo.
You're coming to Vic's
tonight, right?
I will be there.
But I will not dance.
Who's asking?
SISKO:
Commander Worf.
Captain.
Can you spare a moment?
WORF:
Yes, sir.
We've been discussing
your plans for the future.
I was not aware
I had any plans.
Commander, how
would you feel
about being named
Federation Ambassador
to Kronos?
I am not a diplomat.
And I am not a politician
but sometimes fate plays
cruel tricks on us, Worf.
Come.
Kronos needs you.
And what's more, I need you.
You helped him
become Chancellor.
Can't very well
turn your back on him now.
Well, my first loyalty
is to you, Captain.
Thank you, Mr. Worf.
I'll probably regret this
in the morning
but, if it's what you want...
then by all means.
It has been a great honor
serving with you.
The honor is mine.
I accept.
Excellent.
( laughing )
An ambassador who'll go
targ hunting with me.
( laughing )
Well... perhaps being Chancellor
won't be so bad after all.
Congratulations, Worf.
When will you be going?
Soon.
You could come
back, you know...
once you've cured
your people.
I could.
But you're not
going to do that.
( sighing ):
Nerys...
you know my feelings
for you
will never change...
but I have to do this.
My people need me.
They need to know what I know
to learn what I've learned...
from living among solids.
It's the only way they'll
ever learn to trust you.
You don't have to justify
your decision, Odo.
There's just one thing...
Anything.
I'd like to take you
back to your homeworld.
I'd like that.
I'd like that very much.
Hey... pally.
If you're here for
another game of "Go Fish"
I'm a little
busy right now.
Actually, I'm here
for the "End of the war,
"good-bye to Chief O'Brien,
good-bye to Odo
good-bye to Worf party."
At the bar.
No, seriously, Miles.
You know, I envy you--
going back to Earth...
chance to enjoy
paradise again.
Any idea where
you're going to live?
No, Keiko and I are
still mulling over
a few possibilities.
Have you ever
considered Minsk?
I don't think
that's on our list.
New Orleans is
a gorgeous city.
I've heard great things
about Paris.
Minsk.
Jadzia loved Rio.
Well, you've certainly
got a lot of choices.
Yeah. Too many, hmm?
WORF:
Minsk.
Well, wherever
you decide to go
I'm sure that you and Keiko
will both be very happy.
Listen, Julian,
I know Earth
isn't exactly
around the corner
but I still expect
you to visit.
I intend to.
Yeah.
You and me, take a
little trip to Texas.
Standing side by side
in front of the Alamo.
The real Alamo, hmm?
See? It's going
to be great.
Absolutely.
I don't see how great
it would be.
Earth's nothing more than
a rotating ball of boredom.
If you ask me, you'd be
better off staying here.
And that goes for you
and Worf and well.
Don't tell me you're
getting sentimental, Quark.
Me?
Not a chance.
I just don't like change.
You better get
used to it.
Things are going to be
pretty different
around here now.
To the best crew
any Captain ever had.
This may be the last time
we're all together...
but no matter what
the future holds...
no matter how
far we travel
a part of us...
a very important part--
will always remain here...
on Deep Space 9.
Hear, hear!
Cheers.
VIC:
Ladies and gentlemen
tonight is a very special night
for some friends of mine.
They've been together
a long time.
( soft jazz playing )
But like the man said
"Nothing lasts forever."
So, gang...
this one's from the heart.
♪ Someday ♪
♪ When I'm awfully low ♪
♪ When the world is cold ♪
♪ I will feel a glow ♪
♪ Just thinking of you ♪
♪ And the way you look tonight ♪
( trumpet solo )
♪ You are lovely ♪
♪ With your smile so warm ♪
♪ And your cheeks so soft ♪
♪ There is nothing for me ♪
♪ But to love you ♪
♪ Just the way you look ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
( saxophone solo )
♪ With each word ♪
♪ Your tenderness grows ♪
♪ Tearing my fear ♪
♪ Apart ♪
♪ And that laugh ♪
♪ That wrinkles your nose ♪
♪ Touches my ♪
♪ Foolish heart ♪
( saxophone solo )
♪ Someday ♪
♪ When I'm awfully low ♪
( trumpet solo )
♪ When the world is cold ♪
♪ I will feel a glow ♪
♪ Just thinking of you ♪
♪ And the way you look ♪
♪ Tonight. ♪
WINN:
Dorrah tolka
bretri Pah-wran.
Kosst Amojan, come to me.
I await you.
( screams )
( moans )
( growls )
No!
( slow jazz playing )
Ben, what's wrong?
I understand now.
Understand what?
What I have to do.
What I was meant to do.
Kasidy, I have to go.
Go where?
To Bajor, to the fire caves.
I'll go with you.
No...
I have to do this alone.
( Dukat laughs )
Did you really think
the Pah-wraiths would choose you
as their Emissary?
( laughs )
Soon the Pah-wraiths
will burn across Bajor...
the Celestial Temple...
the Alpha Quadrant.
Can you picture it?
An entire universe...
set in flames...
to burn for all eternity.
The Prophets have sent me
a gift.
Their beloved Emissary
sent forth
like an avenging angel
to slay the demon.
I should have known
the demon would be you.
Go on...
kill me if you can.
( Dukat laughing )
You'll have to do
better than that, Captain.
( gasps and groans )
It's just too easy.
That's it.
Come closer. That's it.
( grunts )
Now bow to me.
I said bow.
( groans )
( struggling ):
You are pathetic.
Then why are you
the one on your knees?
First the Dominion,
now the Pah-wraiths.
You have a talent
for picking the losing sides.
Benjamin, please, we've
know each other too long.
And since this is the last time
we will ever be together
let's try to speak honestly.
We've both had our victories
and our defeats.
Now it's time
to resolve our differences
and face the ultimate truth.
I've won, Benjamin.
You've lost.
The Pah-wraiths
will never conquer anything--
not Bajor...
not the
Celestial Temple
and certainly
not the Alpha Quadrant.
And who's going to stop us?
I am!
( laughing )
You can't even stand up.
WINN:
Then I'll stop you.
Are you still here?
Emissary
the book!
( screaming )
Farewell, Adami.
( screams )
( yelling )
( heartbeat thudding )
Sarah?
Are you here?
What happened?
The Emissary has
completed his task.
But the Pah-wraiths...
You've returned them
to their prison
within the fire caves.
The book was the key,
wasn't it?
To a door that can
never be opened again.
And Dukat... is he dead?
He's where he belongs--
with the Pah-wraiths.
Your time of trial has ended.
You need to rest now.
Oh, I intend to
as soon as I return
to Deep Space 9.
That won't be necessary.
You're with us now.
We found the Captain's runabout
orbiting Bajor.
But when we scanned
the fire caves
there was no sign of him.
Tarkalian tea.
Soothing.
Better keep it coming.
JAKE:
You're not calling off
the search yet, are you?
ODO:
Not until we find your father.
What about the
Kendra Province--
where he bought that land?
Maybe he went there
for some reason.
Colonel Kira
and Chief O'Brien
have completed another
scan of the planet.
As far as they can
tell, he is not there.
Something's happened to Ben...
something bad.
I can feel it.
The Prophets warned us.
( whispering voices,
heartbeat thudding )
Hello?
Is anyone here?
Ben? Is that you?
Kasidy...
Oh, Ben.
Oh, I've been
so worried about you.
Where are we?
The Celestial Temple.
This is scaring me.
Let's go home.
I can't. Not now.
Why not?
Oh, God.
This is it, isn't it?
The sorrow that the Prophets
warned us about.
It's difficult to explain.
It's not linear.
What isn't?
My life...
my destiny...
The Prophets saved me,
Kasidy.
I'm their Emissary
and they still have
a great deal for me to do.
But first...
there is much to learn...
things only the Prophets
can teach me.
When will you be back?
It's hard to say.
Maybe a year...
maybe...
yesterday.
But I will be back.
And I will be waiting.
Kas, can you hear me?
You seemed pretty
far away for a second.
I was talking
to your father.
♪ ♪
Are you sure you
want to leave
without saying
good-bye?
I'm sure. I've never
been good at good-byes.
There are going to
be a lot of people
that are disappointed.
If they don't know
how I feel about them now
a few parting words won't
make the difference.
Aha! I knew it.
When I saw
the two of you slip out
I said to myself
"That no-good, misanthropic
"cantankerous changeling
is trying
to sneak off the station
without anyone noticing."
That was the idea.
Well, it's not going
to happen, is it?
Apparently not.
So...
now that I'm here...
is there something
you want to say to me?
Such as...?
Such as...
"Good-bye. You certainly were
a worthy adversary."
Or maybe something
with the words
"mutual respect" in it.
No.
No? What do you mean, no?
I mean no.
I have nothing
I want to say to you.
Are you telling me
that after all these years
after all we've been through
you're not even going
to say good-bye to me?
That's right.
Nerys... I'll be
on the runabout.
( scoffs )
Don't take it hard, Quark.
Hard?
What are you
talking about?
That man loves me.
Couldn't you see?
It was written
all over his back.
The Link...
it's so different.
They're dying.
You should go to them.
Yes.
Nerys...
please, tell everyone
I'll miss them.
Even Quark?
Even Quark.
But most of all...
I know.
Odo...
You always said
I looked good in a tuxedo.
You do.
Then this is the way
I want you to remember me.
I'll never forget you.
Good-bye, Nerys.
The duty roster, Colonel.
Nice work.
Congratulations
on your promotion, Lieutenant.
Thank you, sir.
I guess putting me in
for a promotion
was one of Captain Sisko's
last official acts.
I'm sure he's very proud
of you, Nog.
I'd like to think so, sir.
Now, about the cargo
inventories...
I'll get right on it.
...you know, the thing is,
the apoptosis is really
just part of the normal
cardiac renewal process.
What do you think?
I think that
after dinner tonight
we should go to Quark's
spend some time
in the holosuite.
Oh... I'd like
a trip to Vegas.
Actually, I was thinking
about the Alamo.
We can't go there.
Why not?
Because that's what
Miles and I... did.
But I do have
a new program--
the Battle
of Thermopylae.
Do you know it?
Well, it's about
a force of Spartans
led by King Leonidas
who defend a
mountain pass
against a vast
army of Persians.
What happens then?
Well, for two days
the Spartans lead
a heroic struggle.
Until they're wiped out.
Yes.
How'd you know?
Lucky guess.
I take it we'll
be the Spartans.
Fighting to the last man.
Just like the Alamo.
Exactly.
Have you talked
to a Counselor
about these
annihilation fantasies?
Do you think I should?
Mm-hmm. I'll set up a
session for you tomorrow.
What about tonight?
Tonight, we
defend the pass.
Don't worry.
It's guaranteed
to grow hair within a week
though if you ask me--
that dome of yours
is hairy enough.
Besides, hasn't there
been enough change
around here already?
KIRA:
Quark!
You mind
explaining this?
Oh, uh, that's, um...
this week's betting pool.
You're taking bets
on who's going
to be the new Kai?
It's a wide
open field.
Just between you and me
the smart money
is on Vedek Ungtae.
Ah... well, just
between you and me
all bets are off.
What are you
talking about?
As of this moment,
betting pools of any kind
are illegal
on this station.
I catch someone placing a bet
I put you in a holding cell
for 15 days.
Is that clear?
15 days?
Can I bring my own pillow?
Quark...
It's clear, it's clear.
Better be.
( sighs ):
It's like I said--
the more things change,
the more they stay the same.